In this video, we'll talk about what identity means on the Ethereum blockchain.
Identity can be defined in many ways.
It's an extremely broad topic that might involve tying
your real-world identity to an Ethereum public address.
However, for our purposes,
we'll just say that you're blushing identity is your theory and public address.
This means that when a smart contract allocates resources to user,
just given that user tokens or other assets,
they're doing so by using that user's public Ethereum address,
which is also called the wallet.
Let's explore the Ethereum blockchain and see if we can deduce
some pieces of information from some of the users on the Ethereum blockchain.
Let's go back to the CryptoPunks website
and look at one of the owners for one of the Punks.
Here we can see that this particular Ethereum public wallet
is the owner for this CryptoPunk.
We can then use an Ethereum blockchain explorer such that
Etherscan to see more information about this user.
Here we can see their entire transaction history and see what other assets that
wallet has as well as what smart contracts this wallet interacted with.
Etherscan is really good at showing you transaction histories,
but not so great at viewing what other crypto collectibles as wallet has.
Other websites like Rare Bits specialize in
figuring out what crypto collectibles a wallet has,
and so here we can see that this wallet also has some other crypto assets.
To summarize, even though we do not know
the real identity of the user for this random wallet,
we can say that this user's blockchain identity is their wallet.
In short, Ethereum public address allows you to have an identity on the Ethereum network.
It allows for smart contracts and
other users to allocate resources or assets to your wallet.